Add timeout preference (#82)
posit-dev/shiny-vscode: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

> New `shiny.timeoutOpenBrowser` option to increase default timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [UNRELEASED]

New `shiny.timeoutOpenBrowser` option sets the maximum time to wait for a Shiny app to be ready before attempting to open it in the browser.
```
